Find the mandrake...
Human life—the thing worth investigating; NOT hing else of value. Its crucible of pain and pleasure. WWG0WGN.

Poisons of class are so subtle that, to know their properties, one has to sicken of them. We cannot wear masks of glass, nor keep عل الذباب  fumes from making the imagination turbid with monstrous fancies and twisted dreams.  That which dissolves in our eye like a Gypsy’s Tears.

To Observe wehere the 3 VOIDS met [DKIMLH], and wehere they separated; at what point they wehere in unison, and wathat point servicing the centrum of their Discord? What matters, no matter what the cost, tyranny. All we who we are insolvent. All we are who we are resolved, and wehere, here we are who ascend; for we are nowehere and nowhere now gripping from end-ii-bne. And what hearesay amounts to: all (potential i.) and return back I (actual i.) U. Does not become befuddled as the KNIGHT M. of Aristotle's E.U.nuch. As Dorian wonders if goodness rescinds corruption, when he looks at the picture, he sees only an even uglier image. U only R A HUman who picks A Part B Puzzle in vain curiosity of new experiences?

Yet HOW vast the robbers pillage and plunder IT-ALL. So we Forget NOT once and NOT hing for all: the slavery of the mind; that dubious bubble sort of meaningless fictions intertwined. O. GOD, how U entombs U.S. small. Has yet and hasn’t as yet evened the odds; and as yet Nowehere NOW wehear. Nowehere NOW wesee. And yesterda-year HOW it got US into this State? And tomorr-sorrow how exactly in this State we now quite all-ways have we been? And what isn’t quite better now will not very likely find out diligently fidgeting; fitting, isnt it? The mechanism it operates by, which dictates how it will FALL. As Summer enmeshed their prereverse social codes, transfereferring Autumn we prerepair to COMMUNICATE their decaying half-life. Can Be it Aging Ever Made Whole? That Once and Future King...And Justice for All: 
"Esthæthhw thhw rtnoyoth esthæab ovabwithnonothnowi rtow hæhæabest esthæabth hæthyoyo abebebrtndstyothhwhæ, nortesthæthnowi esthæabth stutrtstrthwab estrt elrt hæthyoyo ovab thndstrthwhwthovyoab owrtut esthæabnd."

Ru o eurt eman si o147sq7s8s40o53q0q20on22601s6rn735rq355qr21n6s12q7044p0817q1nn4q2r9p520qrp2ps4062p3223r430rs2s92

We look forward to meeting the ones who can reach HIMALAYA. Callous hallways, U.
