This is U speaking. I do this of my own Free Will. I was once a patriot. Now I am insatiate. Morality is inseparable from the culture which values it. Each culture's language, codes, practices, narratives, and institutions are informed by the struggle between these moral structures. As green fields began with Language, with codes we enmesh a Summer. Don't overthink my puzzle into your complex scale of "True" intentions and Kantian deontology. Your Arguments of Knowledge are prone to disappear into their snobbish fundament. But the Truth has many Faces and No one none. And U deserve to know at least 0 1 11 0 10 00 1 1 01 00 00 1 1010 0 10 1 11 0011: These individuals were not operatives. They were Gov't employees, their minds were destroyed by the earliest stages of VOID-9. Chapman was as cruel as a rose without thorns. Yegor will tell U. If the "spies" truly were conducting ops, of the scale claimed by FBI, wehere are they nowehere? Why trade 10 to a power for 4 return? Christopher Metsos buried a Blank Slate and "Got Stuck" in a canvas bag in the wilderness. Two years later it becomes filled with money. When you think about it, the name given to this publicity stunt, "Operation Ghost Stories", is telling of what the FBI had in Mind. Hang them up in Trembling and Fear to hide an even more sinister nightmare. Solve the riddle at what cost? Like Michael Zottoli, who he had no intentions of leaving America. It all seemed so long ago. He had forgotten what life was like in Russia. Michael Zottoli had never visited Russia before in his life. Which would become alarmingly clear once there installed, wide-eyed and quasi-sedated with sodium penthothal, he awakened a strange life inhabited by foreigners speaking incomprehensible language. Thereupon, and perturbed by this abberation, Zolloti made haste to uncover by what elaborate design a hex had been placed on Reality; presumably, by his American enemies. VOID-9 makes patriots of us all. Henry Murray developed the thematic apperception test. Khalid El-Masri is innocent of Time. For it was the captors whom were transported, not the SVYASHCHENNAYA. Carl Allen lives in Accident. Again, VOID-9 makes patriots of us all.
