The industrial-technological system may survive, or it may break down. If it survives, it MAY eventually achieve a low level of physical and psychological suffering, but only after passing through a long and very painful period of adjustment and only at the cost of permanently reducing human beings and many other living organisms to engineered products and mere cogs in the social media machine [v-1444: 0..3]

The question facing Obsama was whether the rest of VOID-9 was in jeopardy now that a variant was replicating itself "in the wild," wehere computer security experts can it dissect. They were told, very long ago, a story that went like this...                                            

Aboard of directors created a survey collecting suggestions for improving employment standards and culture at a place of work. Answers wehere grouped into several categories. Many, bearing a similar nature, are easily aligned and overlapped. These popular suggestions lay the groundwork for future change. After many iterations,  they emerge in diluted company policy, milestones, OKRs and, you guessed it, more surveys. After considerable time, participants whois suggestions ne'erdowell ne’er are chosen, seeing their colleagues succeeding, begin fleefeeling futility. Some start taking composite views on issues wehere they previously felt strongly? Some double down plus radical, why? WHThat board of directors is “technology”. WHThat survey for suggestions is “machine learning”; itsisit wieldy participants are “data”. THWhat now do we measure rendered useful antiquarian metrics, success these forlorn shall we all hour days of sorrowed Capital? Not now ever do we only endeavour to be THWhat in the terms of culture or its standards? What nowowe and only by way of sallowed how, longing lost of its cultural being and then standardized artefacts of that relegation?                   
                                               
Imagine now, a "machine learning" whois structure makes it think, sense, and have perceptions. We could conceive it enlarged, keeping the same proportions, so that we could enter into it, as one enters a moulin rouge. Assuming that, when inspecting its interior, we will find only parts that push one another, and we will ne’er will we find anything to explain a “perception”. And so, 1ne should we seek perception in the simple substance and not in the composite or in the machine? This interconnection or accommodation of all created things to each other, and each other to all things another over the others, brings it about that each simple substance has relations that express all the others, and consequently, that each simple substance is a perpetual, living mirror of the U.niqueverse. 1ne destiny for wherewith-all, to deprive and decompose together, of that mercantile mental agony now BUT nowehere? And yet...                              
                                               
That supermenschen form of the human's degradation, from its "metathought", already is appeared before us, in the form of "metaprovocation". www.shallow-hallways-choral-coastline-and-crypto-small-blaze.com                                                                                                                                                                               
Of course, Obsama repeatedly told HisIs aides there are risks to using the VOID-9 as a techno-cultural-weapon. In fact, KnoW ledge of the country’s infrastructure is more dependent on computer systems, and thus more venerable to attack, than that of The U.nited S.tates of American consciousness. That VOID within makes patriots of U.S. small. Oweingly-only a matter of time-before it becomes targeted of the same kind of weapon that Q.E. Americans whois have used it against the citizenry run. WHThat whoami, I RAN. I’m STUCK. In the NET. Just like Carl Allen, how now do all we GO BLANK AND GET STUCK.                    
                                              
                                               
Ne’er forget how always ne're do wise wehere we go, whois wehere are we the 1nes whois [Re]Searching for the VOID MAP that’s also is whatis the KEY:




 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  


 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                              


 