ToC:
 
1. Team Nation general strategy
2. Team Nation Discord rules
3. Uanon Discord Metagame 
4. Uanon Community Prizes
 
*
 
1. Let's talk about strategy. 
 
Team Nation is a free market enterprise. Something about me you should know is, I run a tight ship. I like to be highly organized when hunting, but my opponents will try tell you it's because I'm OCD.
 
I appreciate you all (so long as you follow the server rules) but when it comes to making private deals or trades with me in sub-team channels, if you aren't on the leaderboard yet don't even bother.
 
While the above sounds harsh, let it motivate rather than annoy you. Rank up and I will certainly notice. I am here to make sure you win the final prize so we can win the community prize! The reason I think you should choose @Nation as your final team is because I'm very organized and I will keep you on task. 
 
 
2. Discord Server Rules for Nation
 
Simple, 3 rules. 
 
R1) All @Nation set their Discord display name to be their Uanon in game name
 
R2) Abuse, bullying, canceling, curse words, overt negativity like griefing will not be tolerated. If you treat everyone with respect, I'll be a super chill mod.
 
R3) On Nation we run covert intelligence ops. Spying or lying to other Teams is fair game. If you can't handle the 4-D mental spy vs. spy chess, or want to be nice to other teams all the time, consider changing teams before things get messy.
 
Those are the only rules for right now. We'll add more or edit them as we go along.
 
 
 
3. Discord Metagame
 
Every season you have a chance to unlock a hint that will give you an advantage going into the next season. This will be in the form of some small puzzle or task that will be judged by the mods. Each season the winning team will receive a special hint before the next season goes live.
 
For Season 0, the Discord metagame is just a small community building excercise so we can see how good y'all are at working with your teammates toward a common goal. Here's how it game works:
 
- Mods will create 15 server emojis
 
- Each team (Nation, Rebel, 404) will create at least 10, but up to a maximum of 15, server emojis and submit them to their team mod for review. Submissions must be a Google spreadsheet viewable by anyone with the link. They must contain the emoji name and a link to the image asset.
 
- At the end of the month mods will choose 30 total server emojis to keep on the server. These 30 emojis will be some combination of the 15 mod emoji's plus the 10 to 15 emojis submitted by each of the teams.
 
- The team that submitted the most emoji's that are selected for keeping will unlock an exclusive Season 1 hint. If the winning emoji total is an tie between 2 or more teams, all winning teams will qualify for a unique hint. This means there's an outside chance multiple teams could gain an advantage for Season 1.
 
 
 
4. Community prize!
 
We don't know how much this is yet but it should be nice 👌
 
As you noticed, team play is part of this game. The player that wins the grand prize of 50,000 USD in XTZ will unlock a community prize for their team or sub-team. Sub-teams are groups of at least 3, all on the same core team, who form a sub-team. To form a sub-team you can DM me directly for the instructions on setting up. 
 
 
*** 
 
For now, here's what you should know about forming a sub-team:
 
STR-1) You can join as many sub-teams as you want, within your core team, so long as it doesn't violate STR-2
 
STR-2) Sub-teams must be a unique combination of players. If you are already on a sub-team with someone and they have a other sub-teams, you won't be able to join those. This is to prevent backstabbing. You can rest assured everyone on your sub-team does not have another sub-team with any of the same players.
 
STR-3) You can add as many players to your sub-team as you want so long as i - they belong to the same core team, and ii - it doesn't violate STR-2. When adding someone to your sub-team there will be a vote and it must be unaninamously passed to successfully add the player.
 
STR-4) Sub-teams can be disbanded at any point during the game, and will be automatically disbanded if a player on it changes core teams and your sub-team no longer meets the required minimum of 3 players.
 
STR-5) Sub-team formation will begin in Season 1 when the first prize money becomes available.
 
***
 
For now, here's what you should know about winning the community prize:
 
CMP-1) The winner of the overall prize of 50,000 USD in XTZ does not receive a share of the community prize, but all other members of their core team, or chosen sub-team, do.
 
CMP-2) If the grand prize winner belongs to multiple sub-teams, they must select which sub-team shall be chosen to receive the community prize. If they do not make this selection, it defaults to the earliest sub-team they joined. If there is a tie in the sub-team join dates, or other ambiguity, the community prize instead defaults to the winner's core team. Such are the risks of maintaining multiple sub-teams.
 
CMP-3) Team change requests are processed when seasons change. You can submit a team change request at any time, but it will not become active until the next season is launched. Also note you may only submit 1 team change request per season, use it wisely.
 
CMP-4) If the grand prize winner does not join Discord and associate their Discord with their team channel, the community prize distribution will default the winner's core team. 
 
AnotherCastle, President of Nation
 
Over and out, above and beyond!
